docs: add a guide for linting Arazzo files (#1642)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/guides/lint-arazzo.md

# Lint Arazzo with Redocly CLI

> Arazzo is a open standard for describing multi-step API calls in sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arazzo is an open standard for describing multi-step API calls in sequence.
```

> Arazzo is a open standard for describing multi-step API calls in sequence.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could add the link to the Arazzo  spec?
https://spec.openapis.org/arazzo/latest.html#arazzo-specification

Author: Added by @JLekawa , thanks both of you!

> Arazzo is an open standard for describing multi-step API calls in sequence.

Reviewer 3: Feedback on introduction:
- I know it's implied by the second sentence, but I think the relationship between Arazzo and OpenAPI is worth an early mention. 
- I'm not sure "multi-step API calls in sequence" conveys the right meaning and I think it undersells how great this standard is.

Reviewer 3: This is brand new to a lot of folks, so we should tell them more about what it does.

I'll make an attempt. Like me, it's long-winded. So keep what you like and toss what you don't.

> Arazzo is an open standard for defining and orchestrating API workflows involving sequence of API calls. Arazzo supports interdependent API calls, where data from one request is used as input for a subsequent request. Originally developed with the working title of "OpenAPI Workflows", Arazzo extends the capabilities of existing API specifications by enabling them to describe multi-step, stateful interactions. The Redocly CLI offers built-in linting support for checking that your Arazzo files are valid.

Author: This isn't the Arazzo concept page though, it's just about how to lint the format. I did expand the intro, but only a bit.

While under development, this standard was also known as "OpenAPI Workflows".
Redocly CLI offers support for checking that your Arazzo files are valid.

{% admonition type="info" name="Experimental Arazzo support" %}

> This feature is at an early stage, please send us lots of feedback!

Reviewer 3: Where should they send feedback? Recommend mentioning that here.

Author: Linked to our issues create page

{% /admonition %}

## Lint an Arazzo file

> Use your existing Arazzo files, or use the examples in the [Museum API project](https://github.com/Redocly/museum-openapi-example) if you'd prefer to use sample data to try things out.

Reviewer 3: Suggestion: "...use the examples..." --> "...use the Arazzo examples..."

On first read, I thought it was just recommending readers go there and use the data to build their own, but we already have completed examples (...awesome!)

Author: Added (All the credit for examples goes to @DmitryAnansky )

> **Pro-tip:** linting is much more interesting if the file actually does contain problems.
> Be your own chaos monkey and introduce some errors before you proceed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Linting is much more interesting if the file actually does contain problems.
Be your own Chaos Monkey and introduce some errors before you proceed!
```

Author: Chaos Monkey is a product name, I'm using it intentionally lower case in this context. Also the non-standard formatting is to go with the non-standard prose in this paragraph. I'm ignoring your advice this time ;)

Lint using a command like the following:

```bash
redocly lint arazzo/museum-api.arazzo.yaml
```

> If the file does not match the specification, the tool shows the details of each error that it finds.

Reviewer 3: We do have the GH annotations farther down, but I'd love to see terminal error output here, too!

{% admonition type="info" name="Validation only" %}
No additional rules or configuration are available for Arazzo in the current version of Redocly CLI; the tool merely checks that the file meets the specification.
{% /admonition %}

## Choose output format

> Since Redocly CLI is already a fully-featured lint tool, additional features such as a choice of formats are already included.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Since Redocly CLI is already a [fully-featured lint tool](../cli/command/lint.md), additional features such as a choice of formats are already included.
```

Get a report in **Markdown format** with the following command:

```bash
redocly lint --format=markdown arazzo/museum-api.arazzo.yaml
```

Choose your preferred output format from `codeframe`, `stylish`, `json`, `checkstyle`, `codeclimate`, `github-actions`, `markdown`, or `summary`.
The [lint command page](../commands/lint.md) has full details of the command's options.

> ## Add Arazzo linting to GitHub Actions

Reviewer 3: _So cool_ to have tooling support like this at launch. Great example.

> To make sure that your Arazzo description is valid and stays that way, add linting to your CI (Continuous Integration) setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure that your Arazzo description remains valid, add linting to your CI (Continuous Integration) setup.
```

> The following snippet shows an example of configuring a GitHub action to use Redocly CLI with the `github-actions` output format to get annotations directly in your pull request if any validation problems are found:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet shows an example of configuring a GitHub action to use Redocly CLI with the `github-actions` output format. 
This way you get annotations directly in your pull request if there are any validation problems:
```

Author: Not sure about this because it makes the" following snippet" much further from the actual snippet! I'll refactor

Reviewer: Agreed. Splitting the sentence was not the best approach.

Author: Hopefully it's better this time. I put the motivation before the intro to the snippet!

```yaml
name: Validate museum Arazzo descriptions

on: [pull_request]

jobs:
  build:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: Set up node
        uses: actions/setup-node@v4
      - name: Install Redocly CLI
        run: npm install -g @redocly/cli@latest
      - name: Run linting
        run: redocly lint arazzo/*yaml --format=github-actions
```

With this action in place, the intentional errors I added to the Arazzo description are shown as annotations on the pull request:

![Screenshot of annotation flagging "workfloo" as an unexpected value and suggesting "workflow"](images/museum-arazzo-lint.png)

## Participate in Redocly CLI

> Redocly CLI is an open source project, so we invite you to check out the [code on GitHub](https://github.com/Redocly/redocly-cli/), and open issues to report problems or request features.

Reviewer 3: Is that where we want them to direct their Arazzo feedback too? Might be worth a minor reword here to make it a bit more Arazzo focused.

Author: They can just throw things into the CLI repo, that's fine by me.
